#Description

This is a project to visualize networks out of gene,disease and snp data obtained from semantic queries executed on the database at Gene Wiki+.
Once a gene term is supplied, data from Gene Wiki Plus is retrieved and a Gene->Root_disease_term->SNP->Disease network is generated. For further convenience and utility, filter options are provided to enable the user to browse through the net at their own convenience. 

######	
Browsing the network itself is broken down into two steps.

1. The network initially contains parent roots of all the diseases involved.
2. On click of a root node, the related diseases with the related SNPs are shown.

Data arranged in a tabular form is also shown for reference purposes. 

#Keyboard support

The interface includes some keyboard navigation:

Up - Moving up the autocomplete options.

Down - Moving down the autocomplete options.

Enter - The highlighted autocomplete option is queried upon. If no option is highlighted, the value in the text box is queried upon.

Escape - Closes the autocomplete drop down.

#Network Options

Pan - Moving around the network by click and drag

Zoom - By default the network zooms in and out to fit the current nodes on display. But further zooming can be done by clicking on the '+' and the '-' keys. And the double arrow key can be clciked to fit the network perfectly into the box.

Export Options - Also the network on display at any point can be exported into .png, .pdf, .svg and .txt formats by clicking on the export options above the network.

######
#Libraries Used
We are currently getting data from gene wiki+ by employing JSONp and cross domain ajax requests. jQuery(http://jquery.com/), the popular javascript framework is being sued to retrieve data as well as to manipulate DOM elements.

The network is being generated by using CytoscapeWeb(http://cytoscapeweb.cytoscape.org/) which bring the power of Cytoscape to the Web. It is a flash object which can be manipulated via Javascript.

The tables are generated by using Slick Grid(https://github.com/mleibman/SlickGrid/), a javascript spreadsheet/table component.
